Program #7

A litter is 0.264179 gallons. Write a program that will read in the number of 
liters of gasoline consumed by the user’s car and the number of miles traveled by 
the car and will then output the number of miles per gallon the car delivered. 
Your program should allow the user to repeat this calculation as often as the 
user wishes. Define a function to compute the number of miles per gallon. 
Your program should use a globally defined constant for the number of liters per gallon.

Hint: Use a do-while loop to repeat the calculation, which asks user to repeat 
or not at the end of the loop.

Hint: The function should accept two double parameter values – litter and mile 
values. It returns a double value of miles per gallon.

** sample output

Enter the amount of gasoline in litters: 10

Enter the number of miles traveled: 100

The gas mileage of this travel is 37.8531 miles per gallon.

Do you want to run this program again(yes=1, no=0)? 1

Enter the amount of gasoline in litters: 10

Enter the number of miles traveled: 50

The gas mileage of this travel is 18.9266 miles per gallon.

Do you want to run this program again(yes=1, no=0)? 0




Program # 8

In the sport of diving, seven judges award a score between 0 and 10, where each score may be a floating-point value. The highest and lowest scores are thrown out and the remaining scores are added together. The sum is then multiplied by the degree of difficulty for that dive. The degree of difficulty ranges from 1.2 to 3.8 points. The total is then multiplied by 0.6 to determine the diver’s score.

Write a computer program that inputs a degree of difficulty and seven judges’ scores, and outputs the overall score for that dive. The program should ensure that all inputs are within the allowable data ranges. To make your programming easier, if a number is out of range (greater than the upper limit or less than the lower limit), then let the program replace it with upper or lower limit numbers.

Hint: Use double Array and for loop statement to store each Judge’s score

Hint: Use highest variable with the initial value of 0, and lowest variable with the initial value of 10, in order to find out the highest and the lowest scores .

*** sample output

Please enter the difficulty level(1.2 - 3.8): 1

Enter the score of judge 1: 5

Enter the score of judge 2: 4

Enter the score of judge 3: 3

Enter the score of judge 4: 2

Enter the score of judge 5: 1

Enter the score of judge 6: 6

Enter the score of judge 7: 7

Scores = { 5 4 3 2 1 6 7 }

Difficulty level = 1.2

Total score = 14.4